and then we have to present this
project today it's going to be presented okay
so today we're going to explain what it's about
and you're going to love it people don't have to
spend money not to help No now we'll
explain what it's about you don't have to spend
money let's see, before I did dedicate myself to
making videos to doing live shows but
about a year or so ago I said well I'm
going to do other things too and
a while ago two friends of mine came to me
who already had a company that is
dedicated to creating ecosystems Call them maps
Call them servers for video games that
already exist and then I said Hey what do
you think if we create a map in which
people within Fortnite can create
their own sanctuary And by playing that map they
are generating money for the sanctuary I'll tell
you in advance that in this live You're going to
see a little bit of Fran's sanctuary
in Fortnite we're going to put the first
image okay this would be a part of the
sanctuary you will be recognizing this
but right away not Fran's house How
nice guy Eh yes no no yes it is very
nice yes you can do very things  cool